
Create and open a file in VS code and provide answers for the following questions.
This is open book. I want you to go look it up if you don’t know.
Once you’ve completed it, push it up to a private repo on GitHub.


1. What is an IP Address?
An IP address is a unique identifier for a device or a local computer.

2. What is the IP address to your computer?
127.0.0.1 is the IP address.

3. What is another name for the IP address of your computer?
URL or website is another name for an IP address.

4. What is a Port?

A port is a virtual point where network connections start and end. 
Ports are software-based and managed by a computer's operating system. 
Each port is associated with a specific process or service.


5. What is a Domain Name and what’s happening when you make a request to it via your browser?

A unique name is that identify a website. Whenever you visit a website, 
the domain name appears in the address bar of the web browser. 
The server handles the request and sends back a response, transfer data packets between your 
computer(client) and the server, 

6. What is a Server?
A server is a computer that provides data to other computers.

7. Is a Server a part of the Backend or Frontend of the web?

The client is usually considered the frontend and the server is usually considered the backend.

8. What is a Client?
The Browser

9. Is a Client a part of the Backend or Frontend of the web?

The client is part of the Frontend. 

10. A Server-Side programming language is something that can do what?

A Server-side programming language can request, get, fetch data, display different data when needed. 


11. What are the primary languages to develop for the web / Client-Side?

HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React are languages used to develop the client-side of apps.

12. What does Node allow us to do with one of the Client-Side languages?

Node allows us to access npm reusable packages to install. 
A server-side JavaScript interpreter.

13. What is one way to retrieve and use others code in my project?
GitHub is one of the ways I can retrieve and use others code for my own projects. 


14. Where can I find these different pieces of code?
In the repository.

15. What are these pieces of code called?
They're called commits. 

16. How can I create my own piece of code for use in my project or others?
open source anybody can use and it is free to use, study, modify, 
and distribute your project for any purpose. 

17. How do I add that piece of code in a specific file I want to use it in?
To add a code snippet: select the lines you want to reference, open the inline toolbar, 
click Copy permanent link, and paste it anywhere.

18. Where can I find all of the pieces of code I’ve added from others into my project?
You can find it in your notes made in your code. 

19. What is an HTTP request?
Is a way to access a resource on the server.

20. What are the various HTTP status codes and what do each of them relate to?
Informational responses (100–199);
Successful responses (200–299);
Redirection messages (300–399);
Client error responses (400–499);
Server error responses (500–599);

21. What is Routing?
Network Routing is the process of selecting a path across one or more networks.

22. What is an API?
Application Programming Interface is a software intermediary 
that allows two applications to talk to each other.

23. What is an API Key?
(An application programming interface key is a unique identifier used to authenticate a user, 
developer, or calling program to an API)

24. What is JSON?
JavaScript Object Notation is a format for storing and transporting data.

JSON is often used when data is sent from a server to a web page.


25. What is the DOM?
Document Object Model is a cross-platform and 
language-independent interface that treats an HTML document as a 
tree structure wherein each node is an object representing a part of the document. 

26. What is the BOM?
Browser Object Module | BOM main task is to manage browser windows and 
enable communication between the windows.

27. What can we use in order to respond to some interaction on a web page?


28. Referring to the previous question, what are some specific things we can respond to?


29. Where can I go to see a web pages’ requests and their statuses?
30. What can I use in code to ensure a website looks good on both a desktop browser and mobile browser?
31. What can I use in a browser to ensure a website looks good on mobile and desktop?
32. What type of CSS selector can I use to target a single element?
33. What type of CSS selector can I use to target multiple elements?
34. Describe the parent element and a child element.
35. What does the return keyword do in JavaScript?
36. What’s the difference between let and const?
37. What are Promises in detail?
38. Why do we need Promises?
39. What are two ways we can choose a set of code to run based on some condition.
40. What’s one thing I can use to help me debug my code?
